Add errors for invalid `placeholder=blur` usage (#25953)
vercel/next.js: errors/placeholder-blur-data-url.md

# `placeholder=blur` without `blurDataURL`

#### Why This Error Occurred

You are attempting use the `next/image` component with `placeholder=blur` property but no `blurDataURL` property.

The `blurDataURL` might be missing because your using a string for `src` instead of a static import.

> Or `blurDataURL` might be missing because the static import is an unsupported image format.

Reviewer: Let's mention the supported formats here

> Or `blurDataURL` might be missing because the static import is an unsupported image format.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Or `blurDataURL` might be missing because the static import is not one of the automatic blur supported types.
```

Is there another PR we are adding the supported image types for automatic blur in the docs we could point to here?
